An E-Rank hunter taking a carrier job
in an A-Rank dungeon?
Does he think he's invincible?
Why would he do that?
Thinking back to yesterday...
I thought I saw him in front
of the boss room with a weapon.
That's suspicious.
I'll be going in for a bit, too.
Did something happen in the dungeon?
No, it's personal business.
Nothing to worry about.
Sorry, but do you have a weapon I can borrow?
Um...
Would there happen to be anything else?
Like a sword or a spear.
Not around here, no.
If you'd prefer a shovel or a crowbar, maybe?
Never mind, then. I'll just get going.
Hunter Cha, are you really
going in empty-handed?
I know it's not much,
but it's better than nothing!
Good point.
There's so many.
If this many high orcs were to
break out of the dungeon...
They could flatten a city or two.
Those four in particular.
They've got a lot more aura
than the other high orcs!
It's our job to make sure the gate closes.
If nothing else, we have to make sure
the dungeon boss goes down!
Do you fear me,
pitiful humans?
This is unbelievable!
How does he have so much magic power?
Compared to him, it's like I'm a
third-rate spellcaster at best!
Wh-Why did you call us here?
For entertainment.
You will be killed, tortured,
and devoured one by one.
For the enjoyment of my soldiers.
Entertainment?
That's all he thinks we're good for?
All our lives amount to?
We're nothing more than toys for
them to break and then discard?
Oh? There seems to be something
strange mixed in with the humans.
It should make for an interesting diversion.
Everyone, charge!
Song of Guardian.
Imbecile.
Antigravity.
Gravity Acceleration.
Captain!
Kihoon...
Captain Son. The Hunters Guild
has the rights to this dungeon.
I really shouldn't get involved.
But the strike team is in real danger.
So I'm going to ask you...
Is it okay if I take all of these magic beasts?
Please... do it.
Not unlike a monkey's mimicry...
and no more intimidating.
I'll admit, I've never seen anyone with
an aura as intense as yours before.
Naturally.
Unfortunately, this is a terrible matchup.
And when I say that...
I mean for you.
The Surveillance Team?
What are they doing here?
How should I know?
Someone call a supervisor!
Why was he working as a miner here?
And for two days, at that?
Is something wrong?
Is a hunter named Sung Jinwoo working here?
You're looking for Sung?
I knew it! I knew that guy was sketchy!
He gave me the scariest look I've ever seen!
I thought he was gonna kill me!
So, is he here?
He's inside the gate.
They were short on carriers,
so he was asked to fill in.
To carry their bags?
Yes, sir.
From mining to carrying bags, huh?
He went in as a bag carrier,
but I know he's up to something in there!
Being an S-Rank makes you a target
for ongoing surveillance.
Probably murdered somebody!
He looks like he could do it
without blinking an eye!
I hope he realizes that.
You should've seen the look he gave me!
Hell, I bet he's already got a huge body count!
Um... Is there a problem?
Watch the news tomorrow,
and you'll understand.
The news?!
It's just, Hunter Cha asked me
the same question earlier...
This is what I'm talking about!
Throw that asshole in jail already!
Hunter Cha?
What in the world?!
That's some extraordinary aura!
It felt like it was going to tear me apart.
Measure the magic power again. Fast.
Y-Yes, sir!
I need to hurry.
I have no idea how Kihoon's team
managed to beat this many high orcs,
but if the magic power I just sensed
is coming from the dungeon boss...
They could all die.
You must be a fool to confront my army
with one so meager in number!
Don't look down on my guys.
Monarch's Domain.
A job-exclusive skill that I obtained after
hitting level 70 in the Demon's Castle.
My shadow soldiers have gotten stronger
after our excursion to the castle.
What is going on here?
I can believe what I'm seeing.
I can only manage two summons at once, at best.
I've never felt such ominous magic power
from a human before.
Go!
Did you see that?!
It's like watching the vice guild master...
Why in the world is someone
this strong working as a carrier?!
My soldiers are around B-Rank.
Each high orc's life comes at the cost
of four of five of their own.
I had better chip in.
Song of Dragon Fire!
Your soldiers are little more than scarecrows.
Know your place.
I'd say that goes double for you.
Because I can bring mine back
as many times as it takes.
Song of Guardian.
Acceleration.
Gravity Acceleration.
Antigravity.
Acceleration.
Then I will simply destroy them
until your magic power is spent.
As many times as it takes!
Song of Fire!
He's using his huge store of magic power
for ranged, area-of-effect spells
to keep me at a distance.
I'm curious to see how long you will last.
The results are in!
This gate is a higher-end A-Rank,
almost approaching S!
So the previous measurement was in error.
Contact the Hunters Guild master ASAP.
Once we're ready, we'll head in
to support the strike team.
R-Right!
It seems my soldiers are superior
in both quantity and quality.
It's only a matter of time
before your magic power is depleted.
A matter of time? What are you talking about?
It's time I showed you what
a necromancer can really do.
Arise.
Turning my soldiers into undead?!
You'll be my shadows, too, soon enough.
And of course...
That includes you.
It can't be.
Would they really...?
But then why...
Why am I here?
When my eyes opened in this place,
the same command ran through
my head, over and over again.
"Hunt the humans."
The reasons behind it are of no concern.
I need only heed the command.
Go!
Slaughter the interlopers,
and offer the human carcasses as tribute to me!
On par with an S-Rank dungeon?
Hunter Son Kihoon's team
would've been more than capable,
given the original readings...
We've been caught horribly off guard.
If there's a dungeon break,
it'll be Jeju Island all over again.
Thankfully, we still have time.
Gather our guild's strongest forces,
and we'll head there at once.
The emergency call's already gone out
to all A-Rank hunters and above.
In the worst-case scenario,
we may have to call for assistance
from the White Tigers and Reapers.
But if we do that...!
Let's do our best to ensure
it doesn't come to that.
Looks like my personal guards have the edge.
This can't be happening...
Let's get in there!
Yeah!
Song of High Fever! Song of Blindness!
You are the audience.
Do not presume to take the stage.
And I've had just about enough
of your insolence.
Song of Sleep! Song of Impediment!
Song of Blindness!
What...?!
Sorry to tell you, but I'm pretty
resistant to curses and poison.
Song of Guardian!
I'm gonna shatter that annoying shield.
What is this...?
Are those his summons? But there's so many!
Vice Guildmaster?
What are you doing here?
How is he?
The captain's okay.
That's a relief.
But what in the world is going on?
We're not sure ourselves.
How dare you?!
Song of Rage! Song of Strength! Song of Giants!
Be crushed like the insect you are!
Gotta say,
I'm not too fond of giants.
So this really gets on my nerves.
Song of Dragon Fire!
Do you still dare to defy
the mighty Kargalgan after that?!
Yeah.
The bigger the target, the easier it is to hit.
Did you really think a spellcaster
could fend off an assassin's attack
without extra protection?
Song of Fire!
If the dagger isn't enough,
then...
Manager Woo?
I see everyone's all right.
We came to aid the strike team after
sensing an incredible magic power...
but it seems there was no need.
The Surveillance Team's manager, as well?
He seems like a top-class combat hunter,
but he can use summoning magic, too?
Hunter Sung is this strong?
Who in the world is he?
You know him, don't you?
We're acquainted.
But only in passing.
When spellcasters lose their protection,
they're finished.
This body....
This body of mine cannot
possibly be destroyed!
It's impossible!
I know I beat the boss, but taking
all the drops might be a bit much.
I doubt they'll mind me extracting
his shadow, though.
Arise.
Looks like becoming a shadow
mellowed you out a bit.
A name? What was his again...?
Kar... something?
Sorry, I forgot.
I'll just give you a new one.
Tusk.
Your name is Tusk.
"Elite Knight" rank? Never seen that before.
Makes sense, for an A-Rank dungeon boss.
These high orc soldiers are going to
make a huge difference, too.
Hunter Sung Jinwoo.
Manager Woo?!
I was so focused on collecting
the shadows I didn't notice him!
Hunter Sung!
I thought you were a carrier...
What was all of that?!
Uh, well...
What do I say?
I'm with Hunter Association surveillance.
This is Hunter Sung Jinwoo,
and his status is top secret.
I need to ask you all to keep what's
happened here today confidential.
We'll escort you outside.
This is the best way
to avoid any more attention.
Hunter Sung displayed S-Rank ability
when saving you all.
I hope you'll cooperate
with him making a quiet exit.
Wait, please!
Considering your strength,
I'm sure you have your reasons.
I won't ask why you volunteered
to carry our equipment.
But it's because of you
that we all survived, Hunter Sung.
As the captain of this strike team,
I want to thank you.
Oh, that reminds me.
You can have this back.
Let's get underway.
Excuse me, Vice Guildmaster?
Yes?
Why do you have a pickax?
Do you think he thought I was weird?
Who?
Oh... Uh, no one in particular.
It's a relief that everyone made it out safely.
That said... First the White Tigers,
and now he's come to our rescue, too.
The ability to summon a number of soldiers,
speed comparable to an assassin type,
and on top of that, the ability
to control dead magic beasts...
It's hard to believe.
Hunter Son, who would you say is stronger
between myself and Hunter Sung Jinwoo?
In raids, hunters of different types
work together
to compensate for individual weaknesses.
I've always believed that was
standard operating procedure.
Guildmaster, do you think you could clear
a higher-end A-Rank dungeon by yourself?
I could not.
Which is embarrassing, considering all the
talk of me being the "ultimate weapon."
Guildmaster—
I know.
We need him.
I'll do what I can.
Bro!
Sorry about the delay.
So, how'd the guild master business go?
Did you and your dad sort it out?
Actually...
There's something I'd like to discuss
with you regarding that.
I'm here at the Hunter's Association.
I'm loving this.
Just the other day, the actor
Lee Minsung was confirmed as...
They're all here for me, right?
The man who has it all, Lee Minsung.
And now I'm superhuman, to top it off.
Not bad at all.